Update xDS doc (#528)
googleforgames/quilkin: docs/src/xds.md

The server can be run by a quilkin commmand name _manage_.

 ### Agones

1. Cluster information is retrieved from [Agones] - the server watches for `Allocated`
   [Agones GameServers] and exposes their IP address and Port as [upstream endpoints][upstream-endpoint] to
   any connected Quilkin proxies.
   The set of tokens for the associated endpoint can be set by adding a comma separated standard base64 encoded strings.
   This must be added under an annotation `quilkin.dev/tokens` in the [GameServer][Agones GameServers]'s spec.
   For example:
   ```yaml
   annotations:
     Sets two tokens for the corresponding endpoint with values 1x7ijy6 and 8gj3v2i respectively.
     quilkin.dev/tokens: MXg3aWp5Ng==,OGdqM3YyaQ==
   ```

   > Since an Agones GameServer can have multiple ports exposed, if multiple ports are in
   > use, the server looks for the port named `default` and picks that as the endpoint's
   > port (otherwise it picks the first port in the port list).

2. Filter chain is configurable on a per-proxy basis. By default an empty filter chain is used and from there the filter chain can configured using a configMap name `quilkin-config` on the proxy's pod.

> As an example, the following runs the server with subcommnad _agones_ against a cluster (using default kubeconfig configuration) where Quilkin pods run in the `quilkin` namespace and game-server pods run in the `gameservers` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, the following runs the server with subcommand `manage agones` against a cluster (using default kubeconfig configuration) where Quilkin pods run in the `quilkin` namespace and game-server pods run in the `gameservers` namespace:
```

```sh
quilkin manage --port 18000 agones --config-namespace quilkin --gameservers-namespace gameservers
```

> A proxy's pod must have a `quilkin.dev/role` key in `quilkin-config` configMap set to the value `proxy` in order for the management server to detect the pod as a proxy and push updates to it.

> Note that currently, the server can only discover resources within a single cluster.

### Filesystem

> The file server command is primarily an example and mostly suitable for demo purposes. As a result, some configuration options and features might be missing. This file implementation watches a configuration file on disk and sends updates to proxies whenever that file changes.

Reviewer: I think the comment about it being demo-only is not needed, you totally could use it in production, there'd be nothing wrong with it for deployments that are mostly static and/or small.

```suggestion
The filesystem provider watches a configuration file on disk and sends updates to proxies whenever that file changes.
```

It can be started with using subcommnad _file_ as the following:
```sh
quilkin manage --port 18000 file --config-file-path config.yaml
```

After running this command, any proxy that connects to port 18000 will receive updates as configured in `config.yaml` file.

> The configuration file schema is:
> ```yaml
> # clusters contain a list of clusters.
> # Each entry represents a cluster configuration.
> clusters: [{
>   # Name of the cluster.
>   name: string
> 
>   # List of endpoints belonging to the cluster.
>   # Each entry represents an upstream endpoint.
>   endpoints: [{
>     # The endpoint's IP address.
>     ip: int
>     # The endpoint's port.
>     port: int
>     # Opaque metadata that will be the endpoint's metadata.
>     metadata: {}
>   }]
> }]
> 
> # filterchain represents the filter chain configuration.
> # It contains a list of filter configurations.
> filterchain: [{
>   # Name of the filter
>   name: string
> 
>   # typed_config contains the filter's configuration.
>   typed_config: {
>     # @type must be equivalent to name - the name of the filter.
>     # It is an extra, required field.
>     '@type': string
>     # ...
>     # The rest of the body contains filter specific configuration or
>     # is empty if the filter has no configuration.
>   }
> }]
> ```

Reviewer: I'd remove all of this and just point people at https://googleforgames.github.io/quilkin/main/book/proxy-configuration.html as this is the configuration the provider will be using.

```suggestion
```

Example:
```yaml
clusters:
- name: cluster-a
  endpoints:
  - ip: 123.0.0.1
    port": 29
    metadata:
      'quilkin.dev':
         tokens:
         - "MXg3aWp5Ng=="

> filterchain:
> - name: quilkin.filters.debug.v1alpha1.Debug
>   typed_config:
>     '@type': quilkin.filters.debug.v1alpha1.Debug
>     id: hello

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filters:
- name: quilkin.filters.debug.v1alpha1.Debug
  config:
    id: hello
```

```

> ## Admin server
> 
> In addition the gRPC server, a http server (configurable via `--admin-port`is also started to serve administrative functionality.
> The following endpoints are provided:
> - `/ready`: Readiness probe that returns a 5xx if communication with the Kubernetes api is problematic.
> - `/live`: Liveness probe that always returns a 200 response.
> - `/metrics`: Exposes Prometheus metrics.

Reviewer: I'd remove this and instead mention and link to the "Administration" chapter.

```suggestion
```
